Update Run Blockchain Index.adoc - Closes 1535 (#1753)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/run-blockchain/index.adoc

// For more information, see the guide xref:{url_run_protection_forge}[].

=== Relayer nodes
Nodes from different chains can interact with one another in the Lisk ecosystem, and this interaction is carried out via relayer nodes.
Any chain such as a mainchain or a sidechain can have relayer node(s).
Relayer nodes are nodes of a blockchain that are configured to relay Cross-Chain Updates (CCUs) and Cross-Chain Messages (CCMs) to another blockchain{fn_lips}.

> A sidechain has to always communicate with other blockchains via the mainchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sidechain always has to communicate with other blockchains via the mainchain.
```

> Consider a sidechain *S1* with 20 nodes, out of which, a node is configured to act as a relayer node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider a sidechain *S1* with 20 nodes, whereby one of these nodes has been configured to act as a relayer node.
```

> The job of this relayer node is to collect CCUs & CCMs from other nodes of *S1* and then pass them on to the receiving mainchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The job of this relayer node is to collect CCUs & CCMs from the other nodes of *S1* and subsequently pass them on to the receiving mainchain.
```

// * xref:{url_run_reset}[Resetting and snapshotting the blockchain]

=== Relayer nodes

> In the Lisk ecosystem, nodes from different chains can communicate with each other as well and this communication is done via relayer nodes.

Reviewer: IMHO, I would suggest we reword this sentence as follows:
"Nodes from different chains are able to interact with one another in the Lisk ecosystem, and this interaction is carried out via relayer nodes."

Any chain such as a mainchain or a sidechain can have relayer node(s).

Relayer nodes are nodes of a blockchain that are configured to relay Cross-Chain Updates (CCUs) and Cross-Chain Messages (CCMs) to another blockchain{fn_lips}.
Consider blockchain A with 20 nodes, out of which, a node is configured to act as a relayer node.
The job of this relayer node is to collect CCUs & CCMs from other nodes of blockchain A and then pass them on to the receiving blockchain B.
Once configured, a relayer node can directly connect with the RPC and validator nodes of the receiving chains.

> To become a relayer node, Lisk provides an easy-to-use plugin called Chain Connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To become a relayer node, Lisk provides an easy-to-use plugin called a Chain Connector.
```
